Update docs/configuring-playbook-user-verification-service.md, etc. (#3904)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/configuring-playbook-dimension.md

**Notes**:
- Dimension is **[officially unmaintained](https://github.com/spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy/issues/2806#issuecomment-1673559299)**. We recommend not bothering with installing it.
- This playbook now supports running Dimension in both a federated and [unfederated](https://github.com/turt2live/matrix-dimension/blob/master/docs/unfederated.md) environments. This is handled automatically based on the value of `matrix_homeserver_federation_enabled`.

The playbook can install and configure the [Dimension](https://dimension.t2bot.io) integration manager for you.

See the project's [documentation](https://github.com/turt2live/matrix-dimension/blob/master/README.md) to learn what it does and why it might be useful to you.

## Prerequisites

### Open Matrix Federation port

> Dimension exposes the `openid` API endpoints on the Matrix Federation port (usually `8448`), even if [federation](configuring-playbook-federation.md) is disabled. If you enable the component, make sure that port is accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the Dimension service will automatically reconfigure your Synapse homserver to expose the `openid` API endpoints on the Matrix Federation port (usually `8448`), even if [federation](configuring-playbook-federation.md) is disabled. If you enable the component, make sure that the port is accessible.
```

Reworded to indicate that:

- this is only done for the Synapse homeserver
- it's the Synapse homeserver that exposes `openid` endpoints on the federation port (`8448`), not Dimension
